it's not a joke and friends that's not a
rock is Prince it's not the stock is
crazy it's Barack and friends the
committee vote was 13 to 10 13 Democrats
in favor 10 Republicans against the
president says he wants bipartisan
support to reform but so far he's not
getting it if he gets nationalized
health care I mean it's over Sean that
we're never going to roll that back
that's the end of America as we have
known it because if I could work with
Republicans just imagining seeing eye to
eye with John McCain imagine passing
national health care with the public
option we'd find a cure for every ache
and pain if I could work with
Republicans earn their confidence go out
shooting I'd work with caucuses and
niches one pollen even Gingrich
legislation would pass without a name if
I worked with Liz and Dick Cheney got
rid of Clinton's Don't Ask Don't Tell
had made the u.s. a gayer place to win
in while the Religious Right said go to
hell
if I confer with our red state friends
Democrat to GOP invest in wind and solar
energies if I could walk with
Republicans talk with Republicans work
and 12 and Big Sur with Republicans and
they would work me no I want him to fail